Added README for conversions. (#61)
Yashsharma1911/Golang-tutorial: Conversions/README.md

# Conversions in Go Lang

> This repository contains examples and explanations of various types of conversions in the Go programming language. Conversions are an essential aspect of programming, enabling the transformation of data between different types to ensure compatibility and efficient processing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Readme contains examples and explanations of various types of conversions in the Go. Conversions are an essential aspect of programming, enabling the transformation of data between different types to ensure compatibility and efficient processing.

For backend engineers and Go aficionados, mastering type conversions is non-negotiable. The efficiency gains and code elegance achieved through adept conversion techniques are immeasurable.

Let's see how you can achieve that
```

## Table of Contents

- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Numeric Conversions](#numeric-conversions)
- [String Conversions](#string-conversions)
- [Type Assertion](#type-assertion)
- [Interface Conversions](#interface-conversions)
- [Custom Type Conversions](#custom-type-conversions)
- [Pointer Conversions](#pointer-conversions)
- [Array and Slice Conversions](#array-and-slice-conversions)
- [Map Conversions](#map-conversions)
- [Struct Conversions](#struct-conversions)
- [Time and Duration Conversions](#time-and-duration-conversions)

## Introduction

Conversions involve changing the type of a value to another type, either implicitly or explicitly. This repository provides examples and explanations for various scenarios where conversions are commonly used in Go.

## Numeric Conversions

Numeric conversions involve converting between different numeric types, such as `int`, `float64`, `uint32`, etc. Learn about type casting, precision considerations, and potential data loss.

## String Conversions

> Learn how to convert between strings and other data types, including numbers and non-ASCII characters. Understand encoding and decoding processes for strings.

Reviewer: If you can provide some example here ^^
